Hi everyone. Today's Friday, May the
29th. This is month end at the blueprint
open. Okay. So, what does month end
mean? month end is when we've got all
our portfolio balances being readjusted
and uh we had quite the runup yesterday.
I think between yesterday and today
they're unwinding whatever it is they
need to unwind and readjusting for the
next month. And I mean the portfolio
managers. So let's take a look at the E-
Mini S&P right now.
We've got um we're literally sitting in
the same place that we began the
overnight
and that is between 75.85
and
7593.
So we did dip
fairly sharply I would say.
We lost the MOC low
and then quickly recovered it.
Ah, that's what we were after
the M O
high and that gave us the bounce in the
overnight
757375.
That looks like the front line of
support. Now take a look at momentum.
It's drifting down. So any big spikes
here
could easily break and come into the
lower levels.
We never filled the gaps down here.
We just continued up. We're very close
to the 50 simple moving average which is
trending up. The 200 trending up. We're
above VWAP. The call wall is now 7600.
It moved up another 20 points.
The zero DTE put wall moved down to 7485
and the large put wall is still at 7200.
Very interesting. Okay. So, what are we
seeing?
We're seeing this sideways formation
that could easily fade. We're looking
for shallow fades today simply because
we are close to the moving averages.
If we move a little sideways,
momentum could lift and we will see
maybe some more shallow pullbacks like
we saw yesterday. So in our targets for
yesterday, we missed the 7510 for the
buy zone.
I think 7501 is still a possibility
somewhere along the line, but everything
is trending up. We are above the pivot.
We're above the VWAP. We're above
everything. The only thing that shows a
little bit of negative trending is the
momentum event. And when you've got
strong moving averages and negative
momentum, it just means they are look,
they'll look for support and then bounce
again. So, shallow dips 73, excuse me,
7573.
A a really solid dip
would be 7550 to 7558
and that's where the 200 simple moving
average is sitting and the GlobeEx of
the prior trading day. So, the ES looks
like it's trending upward. It is Friday.
Fridays have been bullish in times past.
recent past not so much but in general
times past definitely so all right
moving to the NQ we can see the same
sort of topping events price action
moving strongly upward
the same trap at the GlobeEx events
the GlobeEx open same trap let's see if
they run into Nope
Yeah,
our new support ledge
essentially value area low
30,110
to
30,150.
That's what we're staring down right
there. So pullbacks, buy zones,
everything trending up, momentum
trending down, and that means they're
going to try and find dips, and those
will create buy zones. What are we
looking for in the dips? There's a
demand zone at around 30,214.
We are currently at 30,347.
Cowall.
Well, that's interesting. Coldwall
30,400.
Look at where the put wall is.
That's very interesting.
Almost 30,000. Actually, 30,500. So,
this will be our first target. 30,500 on
the upshot. And then max would be 30,684
for upside pressure.
Downside pressure, we've got 30,000
the 30,200 that I mentioned,
30,220
and then
30,000
30,100
to 30,110. The 200 is way down here.
There is demand sitting much further
below.
We'll see what happens. But this is very
bullish moment, this very bullish trend,
right? We just got ourselves a little
topping fortune. Could it be a cup and
handle? Yes. And I got to tell you, uh,
Mike Webster from IBD that gave us the
overall power trend for everything and
he really hit the nail on the head. I
had a lot of doubts there simply because
of what I was looking at and wow, he
just really did it. Amazing. Really
impressed.
Okay. So, YM
it's been sideways for a couple of days.
Very big volume two, three days ago, and
now we've got this
pressure event pushing us to the north.
50,881
was our target. We missed it yesterday
by about 30 points. today. We'll
probably get it. We don't see supply
until 51,022.
Gloex high from that area is 51,000
even. You know, they they could easily
be going after it. Moving averages are a
little flat, but we are above all of
them. Above the 200, above the VWAP,
above the 50, above the pivot, above the
anchored VWAP. still holding trend here.
Notice the trend break, came down, broke
through our 50,443
level, and then recaptured it. When you
see something like this, let's say you
looked at this and you went, you know
what? I'm going to buy this bottom
because it's bullish
and it fades and it stops you out. Don't
be afraid to re-enter because the big
picture still says, "Hey, listen. The
dips are buys." And that's exactly what
we're staring down here. Very big
motion,
upward pressure,
solid upward pressure, but choppy at the
same time. So the big dips will
definitely be buys. If we have a selloff
into this edge, I would surmise that it
might be a bit higher, 50,477.
But what I would do is wait for it to
stop falling. And you can see that on a
5-minute chart. Wait for it to stop
falling, get through the big levels that
you like, and then take the position.
Okay,
let me make sure I've got spinach on.
Yes, I do.
All right, let's go to Bitcoin.
So, Bitcoin came down, hit the 72,000
300 area. It did not get to our 71, but
it did hit
our Fibonacci line. And so, let me
change this color so it's a little more
visible. Let's get the stroke a little
smaller
on the nose. That's a really good
Fibonacci right there. 72,
430,
something like that. Just shy of it.
Looks really, really good. Now, where
are they? They are climbing up the wall
of worry as it were. Momentum very
positive. Well, not very positive. It's
above zero for sure.
And we're above the 50. We're above the
anchored VWAP. And we are battling the
VWAP right here. So what are we staring
down? Heavy supply above us at 74,138.
If perh happen in stance we do not get
above that line.
We've got more downside pressure. The
Fibonacci
Let's draw a new one.
Let's do that. Let's draw a new
Fibonacci.
Well,
all right. The new Fibonacci we will
draw
is on this one.
So far so good.
Lot of supply up here. If we break
through the next line in the sand,
74,000,
480, 74,500
and then
75,000
and then the 200
which is at 75,300.
Now look at the trend. It is downward.
So if it meanders its way there, it
could easily be a short, right? The
bigger picture,
very strong negative pressure.
The 4hour and the daily look fairly
different. The trend is lifting here on
the daily, but still negative on the 4
hour, the 1 hour, and the 30 minute. And
so
this could easily be a long that
breaches our 200 simple moving average.
So, taking the short here, it would have
to be
it would really have to perform or you
would need to get out. Absolutely. Uh
let's see how far away the one
Yeah, because the 200 on the 1 hour is
all the way up at 76,000 and some change
right at value area low. So, it could
easily climb there if it caught some
solid pressure. This one's a little
tricky.
Let's look at oil.
Oil continues its decline now at 86. Of
course, yesterday afternoon,
uh we have a deal,
you know, who knows? But this is going
to bring oil in. We do want to see the
straight open up and things get sorted.
It's come right into our line at 8683
and they are trying to bounce.
Momentum is negative. So, we're under a
-50, under a -200 and the momentum is in
negative territory. No lifting.
Bounces are still going to be sells at
the first pass. Where is that first
pass?
The 50 simple moving average at $889.
The pivot at $89.30.
Value area low $88.49. You're going to
have to state watch what happens when it
comes up here. That gives you the
positioning to say, okay, everything's
negative. I can fade the zero DT put
wall. They want to bounce off of this.
This potentially is a long if you've got
patience. If you've got patience, this
is a long and you buy very small size
with 8620 as your potential support.
Okay. My my thought is that this is
trying to be forced down. 85 is sort of
that sweet spot
into all the way into 80 which is where
the port wall is sitting at this
juncture.
CWall has been pulled in.
CWall is 92 and some change right 92
even.
All right. So bounces or sells,
we might be staging a bounce
and that bounce could move all the way
to 915.
Maybe could come to the gamma line 9172
and then fading further.
Yeah.
All right, let's take a look at gold.
Gold was good to me yesterday.
I took the short here right at the 200.
At the time the 200 was sitting right
up here. That's very interesting how
it's not showing us 200 here.
Wait, did I do something silly? No, that
is a 200. Okay, broke right through it
and I was able to trade right up at the
top into the close of the day which was
very nice. It was it was a very nice
trade but it did exactly that. Came into
the 200 and rotated down. It was also
the pivot of the prior day which gave it
a very nice trading event
and now it is running
right. It's broken past that 200. So
what do we expect? Pullbacks
likely to give us buy zones. And so what
would that pull back be? I'd like to see
it pull back to the same area that I
went short. and then it would be a great
long. All right, let's take a look at it
on the
30 minute. Yep, old resistance, new
support, breaking to the edge. Notice
the momentum, however, it is very
offsides. So, we've got another topping
formation
that easily could be another short. So,
where is that?
4565.
The call wall is
4580.
The port wall is 4483.
So not moving down at this juncture.
So we'll watch it walk up. We have we
have no significant supply on the
30-inut chart all the way into 46.84.
84. So, let's take a peek at
some bigger motions. Yeah, 4577
to 4580. That's where the call wall is.
They rejected it the first time. The 1
hour formation says this is bullish. So,
no place to take a short right now.
Gloveex high.
Where's the last major volume event? Ah,
okay. Let's draw a Fibonacci right
there.
Okay,
is looks like the proper target. So, let
me go here and Whoops. What I want to do
is reverse this Fibonacci to see how
well it held
the formations.
Pretty nice. Okay, so that is definitely
a fib that's holding.
Let's turn it back up shot
and we'll see what goes up there.
Definitely a climb to the north. So, we
want to be right cuz we're above the 50,
we're above the pivot, we're above the
pot wall, we're above the VWAP. We have
upward trending momentum. The hourly
formation looks a lot cleaner to follow
right now than the 30 minute. 30 minute
is very mixed up. 30 minute says
pullback, but the pullback will be buy
because we're sitting so close to value
area high and the VWAP.
Okay, let's take a look at Spy.
Spy continues to trend up, up, up, up,
and away.
Right. Where are we sitting now? If we
get these guys,
leave that alone.
Let's see. and maybe these guys.
We've got ourselves two trajectory
events that
easily point to 760.
Easily
dips or buys momentum is is steep. It's
it's quite steep. So, we would want to
look for the dip. Where would that dip
be? It would be
in the demand zone. We are above the
call wall.
So remember above the call wall. 755 is
the call wall. And so they're going to
want to get below it. So we'll watch
them test it.
But if they test it and bounce up and
test it and bounce up, eventually
they're going to keep running it, right?
And that's what they did yesterday.
Could they do it again today? Yes. End
of the month repositioning.
New deal on the horizon.
I don't know. I could pull my tin foil
hat out, but I feel like I'm wearing it
too much. It's going to turn into a
regular hat.
So, what are we looking for? We are
looking for a pullback
into 754
and a little bit of change and then a
bounce.
taking us to 756
and higher,
right? Everything looks really
bullish.
Absolutely bullish for sure. Now, when
would things break down? Well, I mean,
we have far way to break down. 747 is
the 200 and I don't foresee any kind of
uh movement like that because there's a
lot of pinning underneath.
So, we ought to be fairly safe as it
were. Deep dips are going to be buys if
we do happen to have a deep dip. 750
to
7501715
somewhere around there we run into a ton
of demand. Okay, take care. It's Friday.
You guys will see me on the Benzinga
um options show and I look forward to
spending time with you. Take care.
Remember, please hit like and subscribe
for me. Thank you so much. Okay, let's
go.